southwest institute of natural
aesthetics is a unique school that
offers aesthetics in the natural sense
as well as clinical we also offer the
laser program one of our signature
protocols is conscious touch not only
our students learning how to give a
facial but they're learning how to treat
and support the clients entire body to
be aware of what's going on with their
body to be aware of the consciousness in
the room so the entire experience is
full body we have a spa-like environment
we truly run a clinic here that is
spa-like we have real clients that come
in our students do completed intake
forms they do notes they are taught
every aspect of the spa industry we have
some of the best instructors out there I
think that we have drawn them in because
of our reputation Southwest Institute of
natural aesthetics is a division of
Southwest institutionally arts because
we come from a school that focuses on
the healing arts that encompass is our
entire school year where we're not just
working on the face we're working on
full body we're working on inner beauty
as well as outer beauty we offer
everything that a spa typically would
offer i lashed any natural
microdermabrasion we offer waxing we
offer different types of facials peels
we also offer laser here laser hair
removal laser photofacial laser pixel
skin resurfacing really we have a
full-service salon right within our
school I am so excited about our laser
program that we've offered we have a 600
hours ascetics program that we offer but
we also have the 800 our advanced skin
care practitioner and laser technician
program
and I believe that that really
encompasses the entire aesthetics out
there anti-aging is so important to
people right now I believe that our
laser program is one of the most
extensive programs in the state of
Arizona and probably beyond students are
coming out of here with some amazing
skills employers love our graduates one
of the key things about our school
Southwest Institute of natural
aesthetics is that were nationally
accredited when you are nationally
accredited you're required to adhere to
certain statistics you're required to
graduate a certain amount of students
who acquires to track your completions
and your placements so it benefits the
students because we are required to
track all of these things when they
complete it's very important to us that
they get a job we're required by our
accreditation to do this one of the
things that being nationally accredited
offers is we are able to offer federal
financial aid student grants in it loans
this is huge especially right now for
students I feel like the fact that we
are nationally accredited and able to
offer federal financial aid opens up the
window to a lot of students who wouldn't
otherwise be able to attend school we
definitely have gotten the reputation of
putting out very good qualified
graduates ninety percent of our staff
here beyond our instructors are
administrative staff our licensed
esthetician massage therapist they're in
the industry their laser technicians I
myself am an aesthetician and massage
therapist and a laser technician and
having them in administration they
understand what our students are going
through our completion rates here are
amazing because when our students start
they stay with us a lot of time students
come here and there just drawn here and
that's who we are that's what our school
represents but sometimes we get the
student that doesn't know why they're
here they were drawn here but they
didn't quite get it and those are the
ones that I really encourage to have a
facial to sit in a class so they can
understand that this is the place that
they're supposed to be